hey guys I back here and I am home again
so videos should be a little bit more
regular as long as this guy keeps
working a lot of you guys been asking
how I got my computer to work again and
what I did was we had to bend the power
cord to fit into the power except there
and what kind of sucks about that whole
situation is I really can't get a new
power scepter I'm gonna have to get a
new motherboard but I'm not going to do
that because this commuters already two
and a half years old not worth spending
the money on so i just ordered a new
computer so hopefully this bad boy will
keep working till late March 14th so I
can get my new one I've already ordered
it so just kind of wait for it but we uh
I taped the power cord all the way down
so it's not going to move it all tape it
in the back so hopefully that will
continue to work right now i'm
downloading rift the collectors edition
so I have an awesome little sea turtle
mount when I to get in the game should
be hopeful and yeah I watched my buddies
play this and when I was over there it
looks phenomenal I can't wait to plant
and yeah it's gonna take for ever but uh
hmm what else what else oh yeah oh now
that I'm home check out that I got my
screen for my new computer 23 inches
1080p full HD that's going to be the
I can't wait to play on that and
one last important thing these I back TV
sweatshirt contest / t-shirt contests
the new one the winner was see bananer
and you still need to send me your dress
because you haven't contacted me and if
you don't then someone else is going to
get it so give you five days from now so
get on it um yeah new t-shirt contest
with a killing seananners and joel
thumbs-up favorite and comment on that
video and you will have a chance to win
one of these as I back TV sweat shirt or
t-shirt whichever you like and I'll send
it to you for free so get on it thumbs
up favorite and comment on killing
seananners and Joel and
also if you participate in the old
contest you'll have a chance to win in
this one too because I'm just going to
keep adding on as we go so eventually
there's gonna be like 20 different
videos that will be part of the contest
so just be this big contest the mortgage
is the more you participate in it the
higher chance you have and yeah so get
on it